Privacy Policy
CryptedBytes built the ColorPi app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by CryptedBytes at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
You may need to read privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app in order to see how they collect and use your data.
The following are the third party services used by this app:
Google Play Services
AdMob


Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service DOES NOT use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.


Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.  I do not knowingly collect ANY personal information from ANYONE. Please read Google Play Services and Admob privacy policies to see how they process personal identifiable information.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
While I totally respect your privacy, I don't really know how to write a privacy policy! So, if you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at cryptedbytes@gmail.com.